Creating a culture of curiosity, rigour, and self-motivation
Pursue your passion for law and liberal arts at the Shiv Nadar School of Law, where our innovative curriculum and expert faculty empower future leaders in the legal field.
Scroll down for more information about the application process, fees, and hostel.
Students are encouraged to apply with their provisional CLAT score, which they can update after the result of the litigation pending in the court.
For any inquiries about admissions, please contact us at:
lawadmissions@snuchennai.edu.in
+91 99403 10544
Students will be shortlisted for interviews on the basis of any one of the following criteria:
CLAT Score
Students are encouraged to apply with their provisional CLAT score, which they can update after the result of the litigation pending in the court.
[OR]
Any major law entrance examination (an indicative list includes LNAT, AILET, SLAT, MH CET Law, TS LAWCET, AP LAWCET)
[OR]
Grades of class 10 and 12. You can apply with class 10 score if class 12 score is not available at the time of application.
Application Deadlines:
Applications are now open.
Admission decisions will be made on a rolling basis.
Tuition fees (per annum)
Indian Nationals - 4,95,000/-
NRI - 7,45,000/-
Foreign Nationals/ OCI/ PIO - 9,90,000/-
Other Fees
Application fees - 1500/- (non-refundable)
Admission fee - 20,000/- (one time, non-refundable)
University Caution Deposit - 20,000/-  (one time, refundable)
Hostel Fees
Students will be allocated air conditioned triple sharing rooms for the first and second years of their program, after which they will have the option of moving into single occupancy air conditioned rooms.
Fees for triple sharing air conditioned rooms:
Fees - 1,40,000/-
Caution Deposit - 14,000/-  (refundable)
Hostel Admission Fee - 25,000/- (one-time, non-refundable)
Electricity charges (shared)
Meals
Shiv Nadar University follows a cost sharing plan which makes the actual daily rates dynamic. Presently the daily tentative amount is 210/- per day (premium mess). This should approximately work out to 50,000/- per annum for meals.
Transport Fees -
82,000/- (annual)
We have a generous scholarship scheme which will allow us to extend financial aid for up to one third of our incoming batch of law students in 2025, including some full tuition waivers. Don’t let financial constraints deter you from applying to the Shiv Nadar School of Law.
Shiv Nadar School of Law is approved by the Bar Council of India
Learn more
This is default text for notification bar
Learn more