Scholarship
Scholarship
Objective
The Scholarship policy is in keeping with SNU’s objective of providing equal opportunities to meritorious students from all backgrounds regardless of their economic status.
Types of Scholarships
(i). Merit Scholarship:
All the programs at the university are covered under the merit scholarship. Scholarships will be awarded to meritorious students. For the First-Year students, the scholarship will be awarded based on the marks scored by them in the Shiv Nadar University Chennai Entrance examinations (SNUCEE). For the senior students, the scholarship will be based on the marks secured by them during the preceding year’s examinations.
(ii).Merit-cum-Means Scholarship:
Every academic year, several scholarships are awarded on the criteria of merit-cum-means. Academic performance and demonstrated economic need are the key criteria for this scholarship.
For first-generation learners, the scholarship awardee will be eligible for a waiver of 75% of Tuition fees if he/she has no backlogs. The First-generation learners must submit (i) the first-generation certificate and (ii) the Income Certificates of family members, both duly signed by the Tahsildar.
For non-first-generation learners, the scholarship awardee will be eligible for a waiver of 50% of Tuition fees if he/she has no backlogs. The non-first-generation learners must submit the Income Certificates of family members, duly signed by the Tahsildar.
If the selection committee finds the information furnished by the student is false, then he/she will face strong disciplinary action.
(iii) Walk-in-Walk-out Scholarship:
The student is expected to produce the certificate from the Board of Examinations concerned showing that he/she has passed the examination, within the top ten ranks.
(iv). Sports Scholarship:
Sports scholarships are awarded to students with outstanding records in sports. Typically, students who have participated in National and International level competitions conducted by accredited Sports Boards are eligible for these scholarships.
The list of approved sports/games eligible for the sports scholarship award is given below:
Athletics – all events
Badminton
Basketball
Chess
Cricket
Squash
Table Tennis
Lawn Tennis
Football
Sports scholarship falls under the categories mentioned below:
a)Walk-in-Walk-out Sports Scholarship will be awarded to the students who have represented India in
International competitions
(Form 1 certificate) recognized by the Indian Olympics Association (IOA)/Sports Authority of India (SAI)/Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports (MYAS), Government of India. The students awarded with this scholarship are entitled to waiver of Tuition Fees for the entire remaining duration of the UG program if he/she has no backlogs and should actively involve themselves in sports activities.
b)The students who have
represented the State in India in a
national championship
(Form 2 certificate) organized by the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports (MYAS) / Indian Olympic Association (IOA)/Sports Authority of India (SAI)/Sports Development Authority of Tamil Nadu (SDAT)/respective official National Sports Federation will be eligible for an award of full scholarship (waiver of Tuition Fees), for one year and the scholarship will be continued based on the sports performance in the preceding year.
c)The students who have
represented the Union territory in India in a national championship
(Form 2 certificate) organized by the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports (MYAS) / Indian Olympic Association (IOA)/Sports Authority of India (SAI)/respective official National Sports Federation will be eligible for a scholarship of a specified amount for one year & the students who secured a medal will be eligible for an award of full scholarship (waiver of Tuition Fees) for one year and the scholarship will be continued based on the sports performance in the preceding year.
d)The students who have represented the University in South Zone and All-India Inter-University tournaments (Form 3 certificate) organized by the Association of Indian Universities and secured a medal will be eligible for a scholarship of a specified amount for one year only. This scholarship will be awarded to eligible students from the second year onwards only.
e)The students who have represented the State school team in the National School Games competition (Form 4 certificate) organized by the School Game Federation of India (SGFI) will be eligible for a scholarship of a specified amount. This scholarship will be awarded to eligible students for the first year only.
f)The students who have represented the school team in the CBSE National Games & Sports organized by the CBSE board and secured a medal will be eligible for a scholarship of a specified amount. This scholarship will be awarded to eligible students for the first year only.
g)In the case of first-year students (categories ‘e’ and ‘f’), their level of participation in sports in the 11
and 12
standards will be considered, while in the case of second/third/fourth-year students (categories ‘b, ‘c’ and ‘d’) their participation in sports in the preceding year only will be considered for the award of scholarship.
Remark:
For any clarification on the sports scholarship, kindly contact our Physical Director  Dr. P. Balaji (Mobile No. 9444139220).
The Scholarship Committee will select the candidates for the award of all the scholarships.
Awarding scholarships is solely at the discretion of the university.